This document lists and discusses various scenarios when accessing TLB's
------------------------------------------------------------------------

When linear address is used first time by program it's corresponding
physical address is computed by doing a page table walk in memory. Then the
physical address is stored in TLB considering the fact that linear address
can be used again by program in near future. If the linear address
translation is not present in memory than the page is loaded from disk and
address translation is stored in memory and in TLB.

TLB entries are associated with a process at the time of context switch
TLB entries are invalidated for the older process and new TLB entries are
loaded for the new process.

TLB entries contain: 
 Valid bit 
 Other housekeeping bits 
 Tag = Virtual Page Number 
 Data = Physical Page Number

TLB miss is caused by a page table walk. If page is present in memory
then the mapping is loaded into TLB and if page is not present in memory then
page fault is caused. Page fault gives control to OS by generating an
exception. Then the OS loads page to memory which is then copied to TLB.

First time TLB miss occurs the page is loaded from memory and the
execution begins then the address translation is loaded from TLB. If OS has
to load the page to memory then TLB miss occurs for 2 times. In the fist time
miss the page is loaded to memory and in the second miss page is loaded from
memory to TLB before program finds the linear address translation.

In TLB higher 10 bits are used as key and value contains the address
translation, this way TBL can be more optimized by making the less number of
TLB misses. If we could have used the lower 10 bits as keys than there would
have been lot of misses as this address barely change.

Page table walk process: 
The cr3 register address is added to the lower 10 bits of the linear address 
which is passed to PDE to get the PDE address. The address from PDE
is then added to the higher 10 bits to get the page from PTE and once the
page is found in PTE then the other lower 12 bits are used to find the
address translation from  within the page.